c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\Nasus the doG.exe.config
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\Nasus the doG.exe
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\Nasus the doG.pdb
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\clipper_library.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.AppDomainManager.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.Common.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LibGit2Sharp.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Graphics.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Toolkit.Graphics.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\obj\Debug\Nasus the doG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\obj\Debug\Nasus the doG.exe
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\obj\Debug\Nasus the doG.pdb
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\Nasus the doG.exe.config
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\Nasus the doG.exe
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\Nasus the doG.pdb
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.Common.dll
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.dll
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.xml
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\obj\Debug\Nasus the doG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\obj\Debug\Nasus the doG.exe
C:\Users\Brennan\Documents\GitHub\LeagueSharp2\Nasus the doG\Nasus the doG\obj\Debug\Nasus the doG.pdb
